# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [0.28.2] - 2024-09-15
### Add
- Wiki: Alfa antenna, Aemet, Android, Shodan, VPS.

## [0.28.1] - 2024-09-12
### Add
- Wiki: AWS.

## [0.28.0] - 2024-09-09
### Change
- Deploy: project check-iframe files are downloaded from a different repository.

### Removed
- Project check-iframe folder.

## [0.27.1] - 2024-09-08
### Change
- Project Check Iframe:
  - Add automatic highlighting.
  - Update front text and icon.
  - Add links to the main page of the project documentation.

### Fix
- Main page:
  - Fix text
- Project Check Iframe:
  - Fix how to configure redirection.

## [0.27.0] - 2024-08-26
## Add
- Wiki: Go.

## [0.26.1] - 2024-08-20
## Change
- Main page header HTML and CSS.
- Menu icons top value.

## [0.26.0] - 2024-08-17
## Add
- Check iframe project:
  - Add work in Android device.
  - Links to the main page of the project documentation.

## Change
- Check iframe project: title levels.

## [0.25.0] - 2024-08-14
## Change
- Replace links in headers with links in paragraphs.

## [0.24.0] - 2024-08-13
### Change
- Change all svg code, use svg files instead.
- Improve CSS and HTML: extract common CSS code, drop not required files, simplify code.
- GitHub menu icon color to white.
- Menu home icon: change color and refactor code to set the color value.
- Common tag `a` CSS for all files.
- Video page: use base css.
- Deploy wiki: maintain README.md file.
- Convert Markdown to HTML:
  - Move scripts to one folder.
  - Organize the code. For example, move to a script the code that drops files generated by the tests.
  - Simplify the code. For example, by reducing the number of arguments.
  - Use svg file instead of svg code.
  - Rename files.

## [0.23.0] - 2024-08-05
### Change
- Main index page shape.
- Refactor extract common css code.

## [0.22.1] - 2024-08-05
### Fix
- Rust svg logo. Firefox resizes it correctly but other browsers such as Chrome do not.

## [0.22.0] - 2024-08-04
### Add
- Blog index page.
- Herramientas index page.
- Videos index page.

### Change
- Projects index title language.
- Refactor extract common css code.

## [0.21.0] - 2024-07-28
### Add
- Projects index page.

### Changed
- Rename wiki index files.
- Change some svg code, use svg files instead.
- Refactor extract common css code.

## [0.20.0] - 2024-07-26
### Add
- Wiki index page.

## [0.19.0] - 2024-07-25
### Changed
- Deploy: wiki files are downloaded from a different repository.

### Removed
- Wiki folder.

## [0.18.0] - 2024-07-25
### Added
- New sections:
  - Job: tools for my daily work.
- Wiki:
  - Debian.
  - Firefox add-on: add web-ext tool.
  - Git: git new commands.
  - Gnu-linux:
    - Arch Linux:
      - Add Windows OS to the GRUB menu.
      - Update errors.
    - Directories.
    - Network: add restart interface.
  - JavaScript wiki section.
  - Orden de arranque.
  - Python: install.
  - Vim: useful commands section, coc, wayland.
  - Windows: activate.

### Changed
- Main menu:
  - Move UFC to the tools section.
  - Improve border size.
- USB Linux: move sections.
- Wiki: git sections

## [0.17.0] - 2023-06-29
### Added
- Tools section.

### Changed
- Refactor move css code to the base.css file.

## [0.16.0] - 2023-06-09
### Added
- Wiki Database.

## [0.15.5] - 2023-05-21
### Added
- Wiki Nginx: add restart the server to apply the certificate renewal.

### Changed
- CSS: font-family and set it on the main page.

## [0.15.4] - 2023-05-14
### Added
- Project Rust VS other languages: final words section and improve text.
- Wiki Nginx: commands to renew the certificate.

## [0.15.3] - 2023-05-13
### Added
- Wiki Neovim add how to show the path of the configuration file.

## [0.15.2] - 2023-05-07
### Added
- Wiki Linux streams.

## [0.15.1] - 2023-05-06
### Added
- Test folder to the web content.

### Changed
- Error pages improved for mobile devices.

## [0.15.0] - 2023-05-02
### Added
- Toc to the project Rust VS other languages.
- Add more sections to the project Rust VS other languages.

## [0.14.0] - 2023-03-10
### Fix
- Deploy: detect if the current branch is updated fails if the origin branch was updated from a different path that the current project path.

### Changed
- Deploy: exit if git branch didn't have the remote changes for makefile instead of for all files.

### Removed
- Deploy: the first thing to do is to update the git branch.

## [0.13.0] - 2023-03-08
### Added
- Deploy:
  - Wait until Docker commands can be executed.
  - Exit if git branch didn't have all the remote changes.

### Changed
- Deploy:
  - The first thing to do is to update the git branch.
  - Move update git branch to its own script file.

## [0.12.0] - 2023-03-07
### Added
- Deploy: test with custon Nginx config files.
- Custom error pages.
- UFC: weight introduction.
- Wiki Nginx: added more information.
- Wiki Neovim: add Pyright config to avoid reportMissingImports error.
- Wiki Gnu/Linux:
  - Arch Linux installation steps.
  - Partitions.

### Changed
- Wiki vi: change Vim to Vi in index.html and separate Vim and Neovim.
- Image files are now stored locally instead of being requested from AWS S3.
- Media content is retrieved from an external folder when the docker volume is created.

### Removed
- Image files.
- Deploy: send files to the VPS.

## [0.11.3] - 2023-03-05
### Fix
- Felices fiestas video meta image for Linkedin.

## [0.11.2] - 2023-02-10
### Added
- Wiki terminal: st.

## [0.11.1] - 2023-01-25
### Added
- Wiki Neovim: fix spell errors.
- Wiki Git: fix push permission denied.

### Changed
- Move wiki ssh file to its own folder.

## [0.11.0] - 2023-01-22
### Added
- Wiki Neovim.

## [0.10.2] - 2023-01-15
### Changed
- Improve ssh contents.
- Wiki git clone URL example.

### Fix
- VPS connection using identity file.

## [0.10.1] - 2023-01-02
### Changed
- Open github.com in the same tab instead of in a new one.

## [0.10.0] - 2022-12-26
### Added
- Wiki Gnu-Linux TouchPad.
- Deploy, activate Docker service if not active.

### Changed
- Section no informatica, ufc: add no hover table th rowspan.
- Deploy:
    - Script remove-volumes: accept array of arguments and raise exception if the volume could not be removed.
    - Stop container: raise exception if the container has not been stopped.
    - Create pandoc script: wait until the container ends and raise exception if the script has not been created.
    - Convert md to html: wait until the container ends.
    - Create Nginx server: wait until Ningx server is listening.
    - Refactor pass some values as arguments.

### Fixed
- Flexbox social icon in main page to avoid reversed focus when there is more than one icon.

## [0.9.2] - 2022-12-08
### Added
- Project Rust Analysis. Some sections.

## [0.9.1] - 2022-12-05
### Added
- UFC weight converter.
- UFC responsive table.

### Changed
- Move common settings to base.css.

## [0.9.0] - 2022-11-27
### Added
- No computing section.

## [0.8.0] - 2022-11-27
### Added
- Nginx Docker for local testing.

### Changed
- Do not use `src` in the path of the volume with the web content.
- Rename some variables.

## [0.7.1] - 2022-11-27
### Added
- base.css file with common css configuration.

## [0.7.0] - 2022-11-22
### Added
- Wiki pages. GitHub Pages migration is completed.

### Removed
- GitHub Pages icon.

## [0.6.0] - 2022-11-20
### Added
- Projects pages:
  - Check Iframe.
  - Requests Custom.
  - USB Linux.
  - Work With URLs.

### Changed
- The home icon now loads the linked URL in the current browsing context.

## [0.5.0] - 2022-11-14
### Changed
- Move deploy logic to the `deploy` folder.
- Use Docker containers to:
  - Create the Pandoc script that converts md files to html.
  - Convert md files to html.

## [0.4.0] - 2022-10-31
### Added
- Python script to detect the Markdown files to convert to HTML.

### Changed
- Makefile: convert Markdown to HTML using the added Python script.

## [0.3.0] - 2022-10-12
### Added
- Pandoc template: header with home icon.

## [0.2.0] - 2022-10-09
### Added
- Makefile: convert Markdown to HTML and deploy on the VPS.
- Blog independent of GitHub Pages.
- Wiki entry independent of GitHub Pages.

## [0.1.0] - 2022-08-16
### Added
- Index page.
- Felices Fiestas page.

